Servers/create-server.md, before:

{{{
  "title": "Create Server",
  "date": "11-21-2014",
  "author": "Bryan Friedman",
  "attachments": []
}}}

Creates a new server. Calls to this operation must include a token acquired from the authentication endpoint. See the [Login API](../Authentication/login.md) for information on acquiring this token.

### When to Use It

Use this API operation when you want to create a new server from a standard or custom template, or clone an existing server.

## URL

### Structure

    POST https://api.ctl.io/v2/servers/{accountAlias}

### Example

    POST https://api.ctl.io/v2/servers/ALIAS/

## Request

### URI Parameters

| Name | Type | Description | Req. |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| AccountAlias | string | Short code for a particular account | Yes |

### Content Properties

| Name | Type | Description | Req. |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| name | string | Name of the server to create. Alphanumeric characters and dashes only. Must be between 1-8 characters depending on the length of the account alias. The combination of account alias and server name here must be no more than 10 characters in length. (This name will be appended with a two digit number and prepended with the datacenter code and account alias to make up the final server name.) | Yes |
| description | string | User-defined description of this server | No |
| groupId | string | ID of the parent group. Retrieved from query to parent group, or by looking at the URL on the UI pages in the Control Portal. | Yes |
| sourceServerId | string | ID of the server to use a source. May be the ID of a template, or when cloning, an existing server ID. The list of available templates for a given account in a data center can be retrieved from the [Get Data Center Deployment Capabilities](../Data Centers/get-data-center-deployment-capabilities.md) API operation. | Yes |
| isManagedOS | bool | Whether to create the server as managed or not. Default is false. | No |
| primaryDns | string | Primary DNS to set on the server. If not supplied the default value set on the account will be used. | No |
| secondaryDns | string | Secondary DNS to set on the server. If not supplied the default value set on the account will be used. | No |
| networkId | string | ID of the network to which to deploy the server. If not provided, a network will be chosen automatically. If your account has not yet been assigned a network, leave this blank and one will be assigned automatically. The list of available networks for a given account in a data center can be retrieved from the [Get Data Center Deployment Capabilities](../Data Centers/get-data-center-deployment-capabilities.md) API operation.  | No |
| ipAddress | string | IP address to assign to the server. If not provided, one will be assigned automatically. | No |
| password | string | Password of administrator or root user on server. If not provided, one will be generated automatically. | No |
| sourceServerPassword | string | Password of the source server, used only when creating a clone from an existing server. | No |
| cpu | integer | Number of processors to configure the server with (1-16) | Yes |
| cpuAutoscalePolicyId | string | ID of the vertical CPU Autoscale policy to associate the server with. Available IDs can be retrieved from the **Get Autoscale Policies** API operation. | No |
| memoryGB | integer | Number of GB of memory to configure the server with (1-128) | Yes |
| type | string | Whether to create standard or hyperscale server | Yes |
| storageType | string | For standard servers, whether to use standard or premium storage. If not provided, will default to premium storage. For hyperscale servers, storage type must be hyperscale. | No |
| antiAffinityPolicyId | string | ID of the Anti-Affinity policy to associate the server with. Only valid for hyperscale servers. Available IDs can be retrieved from the [Get Anti-Affinity Policies](../Anti-Affinity Policies/get-anti-affinity-policies.md) API operation. | No |
| customFields | complex | Collection of custom field ID-value pairs to set for the server. | No |
| additionalDisks | complex | Collection of disk parameters | No |
| ttl | dateTime | Date/time that the server should be deleted | No |
| packages | complex | Collection of packages to run on the server after it has been built | No |

### CustomFields Definition

| Name | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| id | string | ID of the custom field to set. Available custom field IDs can be retrieved from the [Get Custom Fields](../Custom Fields/get-custom-fields.md) API operation. |
| value | string | Value to set the custom field to for this server. |

### AdditionalDisks Definition

| Name | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| path | string | File system path for disk (Windows drive letter or Linux mount point). Must not be one of reserved names. |
| sizeGB | integer | Amount in GB to allocate for disk, up to 1024 GB per. |
| type | string | Whether the disk should be raw or partitioned |

### Packages Definition

| Name | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| packageId | string | ID of the package to run on the server after it builds. Available package IDs can be retrieved from the **Get Packages** API operation. |
| parameters | complex | Collection of name-value pairs to specify package-specific parameters. |

### Examples

#### JSON

    {
      "name": "web",
      "description": "My web server",
      "groupId": "2a5c0b9662cf4fc8bf6180f139facdc0",
      "sourceServerId": "RHEL-6-64-TEMPLATE",
      "isManagedOS": false,
      "primaryDns": "172.17.1.26",
      "secondaryDns": "172.17.1.27",
      "networkId": "d51ef9f58f244205922eab9d240b126f",
      "ipAddress": "10.123.456.12",
      "password": "P@ssw0rd1",
      "cpu": 2,
      "memoryGB": 4,
      "type": "standard",
      "storageType": "standard",
      "customFields":[
        {
          "id": "90b3c5e28162456781d36ee42c5771a3",
          "value": "custom value"
        }
      ],
      "additionalDisks":[
        {
          "path": "data",
          "sizeGB": 10,
          "type": "partitioned"
        }
      ],
      "ttl": "2014-12-17T01:17:17Z"
    }

## Response

### Entity Definition

| Name | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| server | string | ID of the server that the operation was performed on. |
| isQueued | boolean | Boolean indicating whether the operation was successfully added to the queue. |
| links | array | Collection of [entity links](../Getting Started/api-v20-links-framework.md) that point to resources related to this server operation. |
| errorMessage | string | If something goes wrong or the request is not queued, this is the message that contains the details about what happened. |

### Examples

#### JSON

    {
      "server":"web",
      "isQueued":true,
      "links":[
        {
          "rel":"status",
          "href":"/v2/operations/alias/status/wa1-12345",
          "id":"wa1-12345"
        },
        {
          "rel":"self",  "href":"/v2/servers/alias/8134c91a66784c6dada651eba90a5123?uuid=True",
          "id":"8134c91a66784c6dada651eba90a5123",
          "verbs":[
            "GET"
          ]
        }
      ]
    }

Commit message:

Add bare metal related operations and parameters

Servers/create-server.md, after:

{{{
  "title": "Create Server",
  "date": "11-21-2014",
  "author": "Bryan Friedman",
  "attachments": []
}}}

Creates a new server. Calls to this operation must include a token acquired from the authentication endpoint. See the [Login API](../Authentication/login.md) for information on acquiring this token.

### When to Use It

Use this API operation when you want to create a new server from a standard or custom template, or clone an existing server.

## URL

### Structure

    POST https://api.ctl.io/v2/servers/{accountAlias}

### Example

    POST https://api.ctl.io/v2/servers/ALIAS/

## Request

### URI Parameters

| Name | Type | Description | Req. |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| AccountAlias | string | Short code for a particular account | Yes |

### Content Properties

| Name | Type | Description | Req. |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| name | string | Name of the server to create. Alphanumeric characters and dashes only. Must be between 1-8 characters depending on the length of the account alias. The combination of account alias and server name here must be no more than 10 characters in length. (This name will be appended with a two digit number and prepended with the datacenter code and account alias to make up the final server name.) | Yes |
| description | string | User-defined description of this server | No |
| groupId | string | ID of the parent group. Retrieved from query to parent group, or by looking at the URL on the UI pages in the Control Portal. | Yes |
| sourceServerId | string | ID of the server to use a source. May be the ID of a template, or when cloning, an existing server ID. The list of available templates for a given account in a data center can be retrieved from the [Get Data Center Deployment Capabilities](../Data Centers/get-data-center-deployment-capabilities.md) API operation. (Ignored for bare metal servers.) | Yes |
| isManagedOS | bool | Whether to create the server as managed or not. Default is false. (Ignored for bare metal servers.) | No |
| isManagedBackup | bool | Whether to add managed backup to the server. Must be a managed OS server. (Ignored for bare metal servers.) | No |
| primaryDns | string | Primary DNS to set on the server. If not supplied the default value set on the account will be used. | No |
| secondaryDns | string | Secondary DNS to set on the server. If not supplied the default value set on the account will be used. | No |
| networkId | string | ID of the network to which to deploy the server. If not provided, a network will be chosen automatically. If your account has not yet been assigned a network, leave this blank and one will be assigned automatically. The list of available networks for a given account in a data center can be retrieved from the [Get Data Center Deployment Capabilities](../Data Centers/get-data-center-deployment-capabilities.md) API operation.  | No |
| ipAddress | string | IP address to assign to the server. If not provided, one will be assigned automatically. (Ignored for bare metal servers.) | No |
| password | string | Password of administrator or root user on server. If not provided, one will be generated automatically. | No |
| sourceServerPassword | string | Password of the source server, used only when creating a clone from an existing server. (Ignored for bare metal servers.) | No |
| cpu | integer | Number of processors to configure the server with (1-16) (ignored for bare metal servers) | Yes |
| cpuAutoscalePolicyId | string | ID of the vertical CPU Autoscale policy to associate the server with. Available IDs can be retrieved from the **Get Autoscale Policies** API operation. (Ignored for bare metal servers.) | No |
| memoryGB | integer | Number of GB of memory to configure the server with (1-128) (ignored for bare metal servers) | Yes |
| type | string | Whether to create a `standard`, `hyperscale`, or `bareMetal` server | Yes |
| storageType | string | For standard servers, whether to use standard or premium storage. If not provided, will default to premium storage. For hyperscale servers, storage type must be hyperscale. (Ignored for bare metal servers.) | No |
| antiAffinityPolicyId | string | ID of the Anti-Affinity policy to associate the server with. Only valid for hyperscale servers. Available IDs can be retrieved from the [Get Anti-Affinity Policies](../Anti-Affinity Policies/get-anti-affinity-policies.md) API operation. | No |
| customFields | complex | Collection of custom field ID-value pairs to set for the server. | No |
| additionalDisks | complex | Collection of disk parameters (ignored for bare metal servers) | No |
| ttl | dateTime | Date/time that the server should be deleted (ignored for bare metal servers) | No |
| packages | complex | Collection of packages to run on the server after it has been built (ignored for bare metal servers) | No |
| configurationId | string | Only required for bare metal servers. Specifies the identifier for the specific configuration type of bare metal server to deploy. A list of possible configs can be retrieved from the [Get Data Center Bare Metal Capabilities](../Data Centers/get-data-center-bare-metal-capabilities.md) API operation. (Ignored for standard and hyperscale servers.) | Yes |
| osType | string | Only required for bare metal servers. Specifies the OS to provision with the bare metal server. Currently, the only supported OS types are `redHat6_64Bit`, `centOS6_64Bit`, `windows2012R2Standard_64Bit`. A list of importable OS types for a given data center can be retrieved from the [Get Data Center Bare Metal Capabilities](../Data Centers/get-data-center-bare-metal-capabilities.md) API operation. (Ignored for standard and hyperscale servers.) | Yes |

### CustomFields Definition

| Name | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| id | string | ID of the custom field to set. Available custom field IDs can be retrieved from the [Get Custom Fields](../Custom Fields/get-custom-fields.md) API operation. |
| value | string | Value to set the custom field to for this server. |

### AdditionalDisks Definition

| Name | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| path | string | File system path for disk (Windows drive letter or Linux mount point). Must not be one of reserved names. |
| sizeGB | integer | Amount in GB to allocate for disk, up to 1024 GB per. |
| type | string | Whether the disk should be raw or partitioned |

### Packages Definition

| Name | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| packageId | string | ID of the package to run on the server after it builds. Available package IDs can be retrieved from the **Get Packages** API operation. |
| parameters | complex | Collection of name-value pairs to specify package-specific parameters. |

### Examples

#### JSON

    {
      "name": "web",
      "description": "My web server",
      "groupId": "2a5c0b9662cf4fc8bf6180f139facdc0",
      "sourceServerId": "RHEL-6-64-TEMPLATE",
      "isManagedOS": false,
      "primaryDns": "172.17.1.26",
      "secondaryDns": "172.17.1.27",
      "networkId": "d51ef9f58f244205922eab9d240b126f",
      "ipAddress": "10.123.456.12",
      "password": "P@ssw0rd1",
      "cpu": 2,
      "memoryGB": 4,
      "type": "standard",
      "storageType": "standard",
      "customFields":[
        {
          "id": "90b3c5e28162456781d36ee42c5771a3",
          "value": "custom value"
        }
      ],
      "additionalDisks":[
        {
          "path": "data",
          "sizeGB": 10,
          "type": "partitioned"
        }
      ],
      "ttl": "2014-12-17T01:17:17Z"
    }

## Response

### Entity Definition

| Name | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| server | string | ID of the server that the operation was performed on. |
| isQueued | boolean | Boolean indicating whether the operation was successfully added to the queue. |
| links | array | Collection of [entity links](../Getting Started/api-v20-links-framework.md) that point to resources related to this server operation. |
| errorMessage | string | If something goes wrong or the request is not queued, this is the message that contains the details about what happened. |

### Examples

#### JSON

    {
      "server":"web",
      "isQueued":true,
      "links":[
        {
          "rel":"status",
          "href":"/v2/operations/alias/status/wa1-12345",
          "id":"wa1-12345"
        },
        {
          "rel":"self",  "href":"/v2/servers/alias/8134c91a66784c6dada651eba90a5123?uuid=True",
          "id":"8134c91a66784c6dada651eba90a5123",
          "verbs":[
            "GET"
          ]
        }
      ]
    }
